# 2023-06-22 Thu

## facts needed for people-you-support

- filing only to claim refund
- capable of self care

I've been working on a gap analysis of facts missing from the fact dictionary that are needed for the "People you support" flow, based on the Mural board with that title.

The brief version is that we don't seem to be missing very much. However, I've had to make some judgment calls about matches between the two sides, and it also looks like some flow details may not be settled. 

I will try to turn all this into suggested changes for the dictionary, but first I thought I would invite input on the following.

## Missing

I think we need to add dictionary facts for:
- is the person capable of self care
- is the person filing a return only to claim a refund

## Residency

- Dictionary: there's a Boolean `residencyTest` for (potential) dependents described as "Did the dependent live with you for more than half the year?"
- Mural: there are logic branches for "all year", "6-11 months", and "less than 6 months", but associated screen designs have stickies with questions about handling this. Some places also ask about living together *in the U.S.* specifically. 

Are we ready to decide how this needs to be reflected in the dictionary?

## Cost of keeping up (some) home

- Dictionary: there's a `costOfKeepingUpHome` Boolean fact but it does not apply to dependents or even to filers-- it seems to be asking about the primary filer or "taxpayer"
- Mural: the question is asked for each person in question, and distinguishes *parent's* home as a (semi-?)separate fact.
- existing residencyTest is Boolean more-than-half-of-year; may need to modify: (but mural doesn't use data?)
    - months lived together 
    - lived together in US all year
- cost of keeping up home OR:
- cost of keeping up parent's home



